Add background info on extended SC mapping (#1460)
act-rules/act-rules.github.io: _rules/video-alternative-for-visual-c5a4ea.md

## Background

> This rule is designed specificially for [1.2.3 Audio Description or Media Alternative (Prerecorded)][sc123], which has the expected either audio description or a media alternative. If a video has neither, by definition it also fails for both [1.2.5 Audio Description (Prerecorded)][125] and [1.2.8 Media Alternative (Prerecorded)][sc128]. In order to adiquiatly test the [expectation](#expectation) of this rule, some of the passed examples do not satisfy [1.2.5 Audio Description (Prerecorded)][125] or [1.2.8 Media Alternative (Prerecorded)][sc128].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This rule is designed specificially for [1.2.3 Audio Description or Media Alternative (Prerecorded)][sc123], which expects either audio description or a media alternative. If a video has neither, by definition it also fails for both [1.2.5 Audio Description (Prerecorded)][125] and [1.2.8 Media Alternative (Prerecorded)][sc128]. In order to adequately test the [expectation](#expectation) of this rule, some of the passed examples do not satisfy [1.2.5 Audio Description (Prerecorded)][125] or [1.2.8 Media Alternative (Prerecorded)][sc128].
```
